Update docs for K8s deploys (#215)
canonical-web-and-design/practices: workflow/deploy.md

Update the **apply** job:

> - If you are going to deploy a new site, check that the file `/sites/<DNS_OF_THE_WEBSITE>.yaml` exists in the [deployment configs repository](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/deployment-configs)

Reviewer: I think `DOMAIN_NAME` is a better than `DNS_OF_THE_WEBSITE` (and I prefer `{}` to `<>` - as the latter can easily accidentally get interpreted as an HTML tag in Markdown)

```suggestion
- If you are going to deploy a new site, check that the file `/sites/{DOMAIN_NAME}.yaml` exists in the [deployment configs repository](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/deployment-configs)
```

- Go to the [staging configuration](https://jenkins.canonical.com/webteam/job/apply-staging-deployment-configs/configure) and [production configuration](https://jenkins.canonical.com/webteam/job/apply-production-deployment-configs/configure) on Jenkins.
- Add this line at the end of both build scripts:

> ```bash

Reviewer: This code block should be indented by 2 spaces or so so it forms part of the previous list item

> deploy <DNS_OF_THE_WEBSITE>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deploy {DOMAIN_NAME}
```

```

> Create the **staging** job:

Reviewer: Could you also change these instructions to talk about `{DOMAIN_NAME}-staging` and `{DOMAIN_NAME}-production` rather than `deploy-to-<STAGING_DNS>` etc.?

Author: @nottrobin is it fine now?

Reviewer: Yep all looks good, but per [the rules](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/practices/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#approval-criteria) you need one more :+1:

Author: Oh, I didn't know about these rules for this repo. Okay I will get someone. Thank you!

Reviewer: Yep, just this repo is different
